welcome to the men of recaps this is the
mandalorian episode four we begin with
shrimp yes it's a happy farming village
harvesting their pretty blue shrimps but
they're attacked by Raiders it's the
orcs from Lord of the Rings they steal
all the shrimp I guess they're pretty
valuable leaving the village with
nothing looks like they could use a hero
now Mandalorian and baby Yoda are having
a grand old time in this spaceship it's
like hey don't touch the controls here
I'm driving God is just unbearably cute
they're on the run from other bounty
hunters looking for baby Yoda so they
stopped at this backwater middle of
nowhere planet to hideout mando
immediately notice is this badass
fighter chick and it's like Oh who's she
they have a bit of a fight because she
expects that he's here hunted a bounty
on her but pretty soon they realized
they can be friends
she was an ultra badass commando shock
trooper with the rebellion something
happened though and she quit now she's
laying low out here and it's good
etiquette for intergalactic badasses
trying to lay low only one per planet as
Mendoza getting ready to leave some of
the shrimp farmers come trying to hire
him to fight off the bandits and get
their shrimp back they don't have nearly
enough money to make it worthwhile but
turns out their villages way off the
grid it'd be a great place for mando and
baby Yoda to hide out Mandalorian
recruits the girl figures he can use
some backup and she could use a nice
farming village to lay low into and it's
a beautiful little village all the kids
love their baby Yoda Mandalorian meets a
hot farmer lady and there's immediately
a romantic spark she asks about his
helmet and we finally get some
clarification yes he does take it off to
e 20s by himself but he's never shown
his face to another person since he was
a kid if you ever take your helmet off
in front of someone you are kicked out
of Mandalorian Club for good
so Mandalorian and soldier go looking
for the bandits but they find the tracks
of an 80s teeth that's one of the
Chinese Imperial Walker robots they're
like look there's no way we can fight
that thing just the two of us we'll just
have to leave the village but the
villagers are like we ain't leaving our
shrimp ponds T just to fight so it's a
classic training the villagers to fight
montage you got to stick them with the
pointy end they're setting a trap for
the Walker gonna dig a deep hole and
trick it into stepping in boom so mando
and the soldier going to attack the
bandit village to lure them out they
place a bomb in the main huts and
fortunately subhead is walk in there and
they
to fight it and more just keep on coming
as the bombs tick in town it's a really
fun scene in the end they bust their way
out of there just in time bloom and
their plan work the 80s he is coming
after um they'll earn it back to the
village unfortunately it stops just
short of falling in the hole and boom
it's an epic fight - pew pew lasers
everywhere mando lone says
disintegration rifle to the girl soldier
and she runs out there trying to trick
the walker and to steppin into the pit
she lines up her shot Booton blasts them
it takes a step together and oh yeah
it's going down man who pulls a sick
move for Nate in the thing explosion so
the day is saved
baby Yoda's fitting right in in the
village I mean he is so dang cute they
just instantly love him Hatchin farmers
like hey Mandalorian why don't you just
stay here take off your armor and retire
he considers it it would be nice but the
Mandalorians Mandalorian to the core
he's gonna leave baby Yoda here to grow
up happy and fly off into the sunset
just then in the woods
it's a bounty hunter he's got his sights
right on baby Yoda Puma blaster shot no
luckily it was Girl soldier takin em out
all the bounty hunters had tracking fobs
linked to baby Yoda I'm not sure how
those actually work it seems like he
wasn't concerned about him at first but
I guess they've reap icked up the signal
or something so it's time to be moving
on girl soldier's gonna stay here and
mando and baby Yoda hop a wagon and ride
off to the next adventure
[Music]